Add READMEs to clarify code generation (#459)
solo-io/solo-kit: pkg/code-generator/metrics/README.md

# Metrics
Tool used primarily for development, to help triage bottlenecks experience during codegen

> *This tool was introduced when working on [optimizations to codegen](https://github.com/solo-io/solo-kit/pull/417) and we left it in to be used in other situations*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*This tool was introduced when working on [optimizations to codegen](https://github.com/solo-io/solo-kit/pull/417) and has been preserved for use in future development*
```
Wording suggestion
